===============================
OpenStack Community App Catalog
===============================
Application Catalog for OpenStack

The OpenStack Community App Catalog will help you make
applications available on your OpenStack cloud by providing
a community driven catalog containing Glance images, Heat
templates and Murano applications.

Team and repository tags
------------------------

.. image:: http://governance.openstack.org/badges/app-catalog.svg
    :target: http://governance.openstack.org/reference/tags/index.html

Overview
--------

By providing a public location where OpenStack users can
publish and consume artifacts to share and add additional
capabilities, all OpenStack clouds become more valuable. For
example vendors can publish Glance images for launching new
VMs, Heat templates for creating new stacks, or Murano app
packages for installing complete applications. When many
OpenStack community members are publishing artifacts that
users can easily download and install into their clouds this
will multiply the value of their OpenStack cloud. Easy
access to images, templates and apps will solve the "what
now" question some user consider after successfully
deploying an OpenStack environment.

* Free software: Apache 2.0 License. See LICENSE file.
* Documentation: http://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/App-Catalog

Getting started with the Community App Catalog
----------------------------------------------

See the wiki page to see how to get started using or
contributing to the App Catalog. Visit
https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/App-Catalog for more
details.

Project Info
------------

 * Web-site: http://apps.openstack.org
 * Source: http://git.openstack.org/cgit/openstack/app-catalog
 * Wiki: https://wiki.openstack.org/wiki/App-Catalog
 * Launchpad: https://launchpad.net/app-catalog
 * Blueprints: https://blueprints.launchpad.net/app-catalog
 * Bugs: http://bugs.launchpad.net/app-catalog
 * Code Reviews: https://review.openstack.org/#q,status:open+app-catalog,n,z
 * IRC: #openstack-app-catalog at freenode
